## **NARWOS-NLP**
**NARWOS-NLP** is a tool for giving early information about issues supporting relations with customers. The software uses multiple machine learning techniques to produce groups of issues that are similar after receiving an excel or csv file containing user issue reports from the Samsung Members app as an input. Reports generated by the clustering procedure can be filtered, enhanced with fresh data, and downloaded in a variety of formats (details, groups, comparisons). The objective is to give user customizable data insight and support the detection of bugs and problems users are facing.

### **Installation**
It is recommended to run the app in conda virtual environment. Use guide linked below if needed. We highly recommend using conda, so this installation guide is for using conda only -
[creating conda environment](https://conda.io/projects/conda/en/latest/user-guide/tasks/manage-environments.html#creating-an-environment-with-commands).

```
git clone git@github.com:mrutkowsky/NAWROS.git
cd NAWROS
```
Creating conda environment
```
conda create --name <your_env_name> python==3.10.11
conda activate <your_env_name>
```
If you have conda already installed:
```
conda install numpy
```
After that it is required to install pytorch, here follow the instruction on [website](https://pytorch.org).
For users with GPU machine with CUDA support:
```
conda install pytorch pytorch-cuda=11.7 -c pytorch -c nvidia
conda install -c conda-forge faiss-gpu
```
For users with CPU only:
```
conda install pytorch cpuonly -c pytorch
conda install -c conda-forge faiss-cpu
```
After successfull instalation of these components, install other dependecies:

```
pip install -r requirements.txt
```
It is also required to download spacy dictionary.
For Windows users:
```
python -m spacy download en
```
For Linux/MacOS users:
```
python3 -m spacy download en
```



### **Running the app**
Go to the main app directory and type in the terminal
```
cd app
```
For Windows users:
```
python narwos.py
```
For Linux/MacOS users:
```
python3 narwos.py
```

Go to the web browser and type `localhost:5000` in the address bar, the main page should be displayed.
